# Entry 1
##### 11/8/21
The tool I decided to use is GoogleAppScripts. The reason why I chose this tool was because it's very explanatory with clear tutorials both on the website and on YouTube. The tool is powerful and can be used on Google Sheets, Google Calenders and even on Gmail. GoogleAppScript is able to add customs, menus and sidebars on Google Docs, Sheets and Forms. It also writes custom functions and macros to Google Forms and build add-ons onto Google Doc, Sheets, Slides and Forms. What I'm going to make with GoogleAppScripts is a homework planner with my partner Kimberly. We are thinking about writing Javascript codes that are able to change color, fonts, background color, etc. when the user changes just one line of code that we provide them. We also want the user to be able to sign in using their email and even send emails to their teachers directky from Google Sheet (the place where the homework planner is). <br>

This is where I'm learning GoogleAppScripts: [Google App Scripts](https://developers.google.com/apps-script). There are also YouTube videos that have tutorials on GoogleAppScripts: [YouTube tutorials](https://developers.google.com/apps-script/guides/videos). Before chosing GoogleAppScripts my original idea was to make something that is aesthetically pleasing and relieves stress using [Three](https://threejs.org/), what Three does is that it creates and displays animated 3D graphics in the browser. My idea was to add some claming music in Three and add effects like different seasons, trees, and petals and rain fluttering around. But while I was tinkering with Three I found it exceptionally difficult to learn and wasn't even able to run the code they provided when I copied it into my IDE. So when I heard that Kimberly had the idea to use GoogleAppScripts to make a homework planner, I was intrigued, and when I tinkered with it I found it much easier to learn and navigate compared to Three.<br>

Currently for my Engineering Design Process I am at Steps 1 and 2, defining and researching the problem. Right now we know what we are supposed to build but we are not ready to build it yet. We still need to learn and plan out every feature we want our users to use. One skill I need to use currently is How to Learn because I need to be able to learn all of GoogleAppScripts features in Google Sheets(the location where the user makes their homework planner). Currently I learned about macros, which are custom functions the user can record, then when they open up the Javascript code, they can change the function (or leave it) then run the code, which displays what they want into Google Sheets. So far I was able to duplicate columns, rename columns, change colors, fonts, etc. all by writing and using javscript code. Yet there are a ton of stuff that I have to learn and apply into my project which is why I need this skill. The second skill I need to use is How to Read because the tutorials I used are written meaning I need to follow all the instructions or else I'll make a mistake that'll mess up the entire code. From reading I'll be able to understand what I'm doing and the meaning of certain words/phrases.



[Next](entry02.md)

[Home](../README.md)
