# Entry 6
##### 6/1/22

I finally finished all parts of my project. This includes the presentation to both the judges and the entire class. Overall, I feel like both me and my partner did very well on both of those presentations. For the presentation for the judges, we had to write an elevator pitch to introduce ourselves, the tool we use and a brief rundown of what our project is and what it does. Here is our elevator pitch: https://docs.google.com/document/d/16sq6bjA4Tzv9S05zmJa_n01E-EAXv8AVI1qMKO25mPs/edit?usp=sharing, it's on the bottom of the freedom project unit. Me and my partner were both able to memorize this script completely, but when we had to speak to the judges, we rushed through the script quickly due to the fact that we only had a few minutes to show off our project. It was even worse due to the fact that we were the first group to present so we didn't have prior experience presenting to someone else. It was also loud in the cafeteria so I should've been louder and more captivating, grabbing attention as the judges gave us a 3 on presentation out of the full score of 4. But I feel like we were able to impress the judges by showing them what we made and explaining how our templates, send email, and create events to google calendar work. This was how we got a 3.5 on usability and a 4 on practicality. I am still confused on why we got a 2.5 on creativity as we made sure to made beautiful and colorful templates. Overall our first time giving our elevator pitch was our worse, but as more students and teachers came to our project, we were becoming more confident presenting our project. We also opened up our email to show that you can send an email from Google Sheets and opened up Google Calendar to show that that the events written in Google Sheet did in fact get send to Google Calendar. So we used our first experience to improve on later experiences. 

For our presentaion to the whole class, we did great! The only comment we got from the teacher was to make more eye contact. This is something I should improve on because the majority of the time I was looking at the screen. I think that after I explained a slide I should look around the room and not go directly to the next slide.  Throughout the presentation we were both loud and clear. We also explained how our code worked really thoroughly, our hook was interesting and our conclusion summed up everything perfectly. The only reason that we were able to do this was because me and my partner rehearsed on zoom and wrote speaker notes to make our thoughts organized and concise. And even though we weren't able to remember every single word of the speaker notes we were still able to explain our code efficiently as we already knew what to say. Here is the link to our presentation: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1hLGl8Z0hOjg8w6AaDFOglUdFNf5rIFPHZLScfiWyItA/edit?usp=sharing.

### Engineering Design Process
The engineering design process I'm at is communicating results which is also the last step. To communicate our results, me and my partner created a Google Slides presentation in order to show our project to the class and go deeper into what our code does. Before we even start on the Google Slides, we first had to create a plan. Our plan is to start off with a hook to grab the people's attention, the next few slides should start off with a demo of our project and features our project has such as our templates, gmail, and google calendar. Then we started explaining the code of the templates, gmail, and google calendar along with how we made buttons which are connected with the code we wrote, along with what methods are in GoogleAppScripts and what they do. Then after all of that we'll finish off with a conclusion and say thank you. We followed our plan and split up the slides amongst ourselves. We managed to finish everything and decided to add speaker notes to organize our thoughts into complete setences. To prepare for our presentation, we also practiced saying our slides out loud on zoom which was beneficial as it prepared us for the real presentation. For our real presentaion we were able to say everything and were able to speak loudly and clearly.

### Skills
The two skills I used are collaboration and communication. Me and my partner both collaborated on the Google Slides and both offered feedback on each others' slides. For example my partner told me that it would be more beneficial to add images to my Google Calendar slide so it would be easier to let others know what I'm talking about when I'm explaining the code. I on the other hand helped her out on the speaker notes. Through our team effort, we were able to create great slides and prepare well for the presentation. We communicated our thoughts and pointed out what we needed to work on while we were rehearsing on Zoom. And as I was overwhelmed with doing all of my slides, I asked her if she was willing to take one off of my hands. She agreed and that made me stress less and complete the rest of my slides to the best of my abilities.
[Previous](entry05.md) | [Next](entry07.md)

[Home](../README.md)
